[Music]
hey what your hands can tell about your
personality we all like to take
personality tests and learn something
new about ourselves based on the type of
coffee we pick it turns out it is not
just our choices but also our palms that
can tell a lot about us experts of the
American Academy of hand analysis
professional psychologists reveal the
basics of scientific hand analysis yes
it is a real thing are you ready to find
out what your palm shape and fingers
length tell about you then hit thumbs up
and let's start counting down from
number 5 determine your strong hand this
one is simple you're either right or
left handed your lead hands palm and
fingers reflect your business and
personal qualities while the fingers on
your other hand tell about your attitude
to your family and friends
[Music]
number 4 determine your strong and weak
fingers every person has strong and weak
fingers and the stronger some of them
are the more expressed are certain
traits of your character if a finger is
bent leading to another one or forward
or can't do certain things it's weak if
a finger is long and straight then it's
strong if you want to analyze your
fingers take into account those on your
lead hand for those cases where a few of
your fingers are strong the
characteristics sum up a strong thumb on
your lead hand says that you're striving
for success in your profession you are
ambitious and talented if you want any
proof of that Albert Einstein and Pablo
Picasso both had strong thumbs they did
more than well in their talents don't
you think those who have a strong index
finger are interested in power shrewd
and strong when it comes to character
and willpower kanye west and his long
index finger is a good example of just
that the middle finger is your
responsibility efficiency confidence
growth and wisdom Pope Francis has a
super strong middle finger so strong his
ring and Indian
fingers are actually leaning towards it
his sense of responsibility and his
wisdom are out of the question your ring
finger is your artistry and
self-expression Oprah Winfrey has a
really long ring finger longer than her
index finger who would doubt her
creativity and charisma finally the
little finger to picture communicative
skills when it's weak the person might
have relationship issues and self
identity problems no offense
Lindsay Lohan and her fans but her
little finger looks quite curved we know
things sometimes get weird about her
[Music]
number three analyze your hand shape we
all know different astrological signs
are controlled by different elements
fire water air or earth it turns out
it's not just about being an Aquarius or
Leo your hand shape is also associated
with one of the elements each of the
elements gives you certain personality
traits fire-type if you have long
rectangular palms but short fingers you
belong to the fire type you love
adventures and action which makes your
life complete a natural leader you
always get what you want and fast just
because you don't like to wait
charismatic excitable just like fire you
are led by your impulses Whitney Houston
had that type of hands and we all
remember her as a super energetic driven
ambitious and talented lady doing
nothing was a real torture for her
action-oriented character will always
love you for that and your fantastic
voice Whitney earth-type realistic
reliable and practical workaholics are
inspired by their element Mother Earth
how can you recognize one of these by
their square or rectangular palms and
short fingers these people are committed
to what they do and to whom they love so
they normally have long term happy
relationships and successful careers all
these qualities sound perfect for a good
politician
and we can name at least two examples of
earth-type people who picked a political
career and became US presidents
Barack Obama and Bill Clinton Plus there
is another example across the ocean
Prince William remember we mentioned
that commitment to relationships his
happy family pictures proved just that
water type people with ullevål palms and
long elegant fingers are famous for
their creativity and rich imagination
they feel the pain of others and happily
take care of them help and share this
compassion comes at a price for them
sometimes they feel anxious and
depressed because of their high
emotional levels when we speak of a big
kind heart and creative nature Angelina
Jolie is probably one of the first
people who come to mind I'm not sure if
it was just her narrow palms and long
fingers that made her so loving and
caring but she sure fits well with the
water type description airtime love is
in the air yeah in fact the air is more
about intellectual abilities square or
rectangle shape palms and long fingers
are a sign of a super bright mind Hey
look at my hands move and nothing like
that the heads of airtight people are
busy with excellent ideas they can't
help but analyze and systemize
everything around them they seek to
understand just about everything and
when they do they will likely debate it
these intellectuals are also charming
and have great communicative skills take
Michelle Obama for example this lady
knows what she's doing and is loved by
so many people
definitely the thinking time to note the
shape of your fingertips
a round shape speaks of your wish to be
at peace with others and your fear of
disapproval you like to avoid conflict
and we don't blame you
Square and flat fingertips mean that
you're precise and dislike uncertainty
you just want to be sure of everything
and expect that honesty and directness
from others shovel-shaped broad tips
tell all about your favor of ingenuity
and dislike of beaten paths normal and
average or basically swear words for you
why take that road if someone has been
there before a sharp shape says that you
gladly quit practical activities in
favor of unusual and esoteric ones you
probably know a thing or two about palm
reading and have hobbies the names of
which say nothing to most of the people
and soon you must be leaving for your
archery training or was it haiku writing
time number one look at the gaps between
your fingers
place your hands on a flat surface or
hold them in front of you comfortably if
your fingers are wide apart from each
other
you're probably independent and fond of
experiments your fingers are closely set
you are prudent careful and possibly
self contain if your ring and middle
fingers are apart you're hard to
influence if they are close to each
other you tend to live up to social
expectations and follow the rules look
at the distance between your ring and
little finger if the gap is wide then
you tend to avoid serious talks and
decisions which affects both your work
and home relationships compare it with
your friends hand and if it seems to be
average
you are probably an independent thinker
with a flair of adventurousness about
you
if you have any doubts regarding the
seriousness of all this hand analysis we
have something to tell you it's getting
more and more approved by scientists as
long as it's not about reading your
future based in your palm lines
therapists and counselors and even
geneticists around the world are
actually treating it more and more
seriously these days it turns out our
finger prints are developed before our
birth at 14 to 16 weeks of pregnancy
and stay the same throughout our lives
the patterns on our palms are something
like the map of our brain neural
pathways those pathways are made of
thoughts and actions that define us
other peculiarities of our hands change
as our preferences and character changes
over time and analysis can be a way of
learning more about ourselves to finding
explanations and improving our emotional
health
finally some researchers say certain
genetic disorders and markings and hand
shape are linked to each other it is
quite possible that hand research will
contribute to the study of genetic
abnormalities in the future and then no
one will doubt its scientific status do
you believe that you can learn something
about a person's character judging by
his or her hands where any of the
descriptions we gave accurate for you
feel free to share in the comment
section give this video a like if you
found it interesting if it gets 50,000
likes we'll share more unusual ways to
get to know yourself and others better
subscribe to our channel to be the first
to know about our updates remember life
is better on the bright side